Bridging the gap between Liberty and Microsoft (Tech Update)

Tech Update Today











              
       



        
        

        









        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        VITAL SIGNS FOR JULY 15, 2002


        
        
		





 


           

       David Berlind




Bridging the gap between Liberty and Microsoft


It appears that we are closer to a solution for single sign-on and identity management. But what if Microsoft chooses not to support  Liberty's specifications?





     
	 
	 Let's look at the worst-case scenario

   

        
        
        
        
        
        
       


 Latest from ZDNet News
 


White House reviews security backbone




HP deletes e-business software




Breaking the wireless speed barrier?



Pentium 4 to power Dell budget PCs



AMD chips at mobile, flash markets



Norway cancels Microsoft contract




Hackers challenge Internet monitoring






More Enterprise News








        
        
        
    
 
 
    




      









Farber's Picks

                
                



           



                
			    

                




DanFarber

                

                


                


 


Microsoft stresses security for Exchange

Microsoft is readying a new Exchange Server e-mail system, with improved security, a facelift for Outlook, and better support for cell phones and other handhelds. The upcoming version, the company's first major update of the product since releasing Exchange 2000 nearly two years ago, will by default disable certain messaging features to prevent hackers and virus makers from taking advantage of openings. While Microsoft's biggest nemesis in the e-mail and messaging market is Lotus, the company also competes against Novell and newcomer Oracle, which plans to release its own e-mail and messaging software later this year. 








Read the full story




	    


  


  IBM puts more bite in 'Shark'

Can IBM's release of a new top-end "Shark" enterprise storage system boost the company's prospects in the depressed storage market? Big Blue has fixed many early Shark problems, improving everything from data transfer capabilities to cache size, and adding RAID 10 support and Eliza self-healing features. But IBM faces the still dominant EMC, which last week lured away Mark Lewis from HP to become its new CTO; and Hitachi, which  still boasts the technology edge. IBM's edge is its ability to bundle Shark sales with related server and service deals.




Read the full story








   
Report: Linux hack attacks on the rise


Hackers are increasingly targeting Linux-based Web servers, while the number of successful attacks on Windows systems has decreased, according to a new report.  Linux server applications are often vulnerable to attack because of mismanagement, according to the study, which urges Linux system administrators to be more vigilant about patching known security bugs. 
 




Read the full story




   	       	 










Frethem worm variant:  "Re: Your password!"

An e-mail message that promises to reveal secret information with a password is a variant from the pesky Frethem worm family. Frethem.k (aka w32.frethem.k@mm) is a more robust version of Frethem.e, which uses its own SMTP engine to send e-mail using addresses obtained from infected systems. Mac and Linux users are not affected. 



Read the full story










  


                


                


An improved CLIE

With the CLIE PEG-T665C, Sony took everything good about the PEG-T615C--including its terrific color screen and solid design--and added a faster processor and MP3 support to make quite an attractive Palm OS PDA. But with Pocket PCs now selling for less than this CLIE and a whole new Palm OS on the horizon, is this the right time to invest in the T665C?




Read the full review






IT sees new profits in Old Glory

Can CRM be tweaked to track terrorists? As the fight against terrorism heats up, the government turns to the tech industry to come up with tools to secure the country against attack. It's an opportunity for patriotism--and for profits. (Nearly $38 billion is slated for homeland security.) Software companies big and small are sending tens of thousands of proposals to 
government agencies, some of which are so new they don't have the budget to hire people to evaluate them all.




Read more the ZDNet News Focus

-->




Write me at dan.farber@cnet.com

        Back to top



        
        
		
 






















         
  
        Also on Tech Update Today
        
        
        
        
        
        
 
 YOU SAID IT&nbsp;
        
        
        
Microsoft: The real remedy



Web services will require application-level firewalls

Firewalls were built to plug network holes and shield
application data. But Gartner says the integration-heavy
demands of Web services require securing information at
the application level. 
http://techupdate.zdnet.com/techupdate/stories/main/0,14179,2864540,00.html




-- Richard Spellman in response to "Embedded XP isn't the remedy."
    





  
        
-->



		

        

COMMENTARY&nbsp;







Handle employee relations with care

ERM is the latest relationship management buzzword. Adrian Mello helps you get beyond the marketing hype by weighing the merits of employee portals.


 
 
        
        

        
		


Downloads&nbsp;







How to defrag your hard drive--and speed up your PC

Looking for a quick way to rev up a sluggish system? Try defragmenting your hard drive. Since the Windows defrag tool is less than ideal, Preston Gralla shows you three downloads that do a better job of it.




 
 
        
        
		

		        




        
		
				        


        PREVIOUSLY ON TECH UPDATE TODAY&nbsp;
        
        
        



Unplugged: FBI CIO Darwin John


In the twilight of his career, an IT veteran takes on the formidable task of transforming the FBI's antiquated technology infrastructure.  






        
        

        
		



Crucial Clicks--products worth looking at









	
	Networking
	
	
	
	Find the right home network Choosing the right technology to match your networking needs is vital. Here's help in making the choice.
	
	Read reviews
	



	
	Most Popular Products
	
	
	
	Networking
	1. Linksys EtherFast wireless AP
	2. Linksys EtherFast router
	3. Siemens SpeedStream router
	4. Wireless 802.11B Router
	5. NetGear HE102 802.11a wireless AP
	More popular networking products
	
	
	
	
	










   
        Elsewhere on ZDNet
        
        
        
           
		



Need a memory upgrade? Find out with CNET's Memory Configurator.

Clearance Center: Get discounts on PCs, PDAs, MP3 players and more!

Find out the top 10 Web services security requirements at Tech Update.

Builder.com shows you how to bring Java to the masses with Cold Fusion MX.

Check out thousands of IT job listings in ZDNet's Career Center.




&nbsp;
&nbsp;   
        




























Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet




The e-mail address for your subscription is&nbsp;qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@example.com
       
        Unsubscribe&nbsp;| 
        &nbsp;Manage 
        My Subscriptions&nbsp;|&nbsp;FAQ&nbsp;| 
        &nbsp;Advertise
        
























Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Contact us




        Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.                 







